Introduction:

For my course project, I am going to be interviewing ChatGPT on the topic of Large Language Models. For this interview I created a simple python script that uses OpenAI's Whisper to transcribe my voice and Chat completion to prompt a response from ChatGPT. Finally, I will use ElevenLab's API to synthesize the response text into audio. I'll post the GitHub Repository of the code in the description of this video.
This is all done live with only editing to remove the time it takes GPT to render a response.

Thanks for joining me for this interview, are you ready to begin?

Alright, first question:
rrrrrrrrr
Questions:

1. Can you explain for us what a large language model is?

2. How do LLMs differ from other AI technologies like deep learning or computer version?

3. Explain like I'm five how do large language models work?

4. How does ChatGPT gain its data, what type of data is it typically trained on?

5. In what ways can a company or individual use ChatGPT?
rrrrr
6. Do you think this will have an impact on the job market?

7. As more and more companies start to utilize Large Language Models to replace workers, do you think
	governments should implement laws preventing the usage of AI to preserve the unemployment rate?

8. There are also some fears LLM have the capability to become sentient and eventually evolving into becoming
and AGI or Artificial General Intelligence. Your CEO, Sam Altman, says his mission for OpenAI is to ensure that AI
systems smarter than humans benefit all of humanity. Do you think Large language models have the capability to become AGIs. 
rr
9. Can you discuss ethical considerations with large language models such as bias and potential misuse?

10. Finally, what do you think the future holds for large language models and how can we ensure that this impact 
	is positive and beneficial for everyone?

Conclusion:

 I would like to thank ChatGPT for sharing its knowledge and insights on large language models. Our discussion has shed
 light on the potential benefits and risks of LLMs, as well as the ethical and societal considerations that need to be
 taken into account as these technologies continue to advance.